- 👋 Hi, I’m @razorash1000! You could call me dick if you want.

The list of things that I would like to learn is long and vast, covering multiple subjects that all rotate around game developement! 
what are they specifically?
1. C# programming
2. Python programming
3. Lua programming
4. C++ programming
5. Videogame developement with Unity, Roblox studio, and Unreal Engines.
6. Animation
7. Sound Design
8. Networking

I am currently working on my first adventure! which is the bohemoth C#! as of (07/08/2023)

I plan on using GitHub as a storage for my projects as well as a way to track my progress as I delve deeper into the world of computer science and game developement.
I also want to create a library of sorts that can help people with methods and how they work, as well as how certain concepts work in programming language. I intend
on explaining them in a more "human way" using "normal people words" to describe the phenomena that takes place when we enter certain lines of code. 

I'm looking to collaborate on those libraries! Any advice and additional information that people want to add and re-upload allowed by me! programming is hard, and
making the language people teach with difficult to grasp doesn't do people any favors. I want to find my limits and push past them with every new project and repository. 

that being said if you find errors in my projects, have advice, or want someone to learn with / from, etc. please feel free to message me! I want to get better at this because
we all use computers every day for almost everything! so it only makes sense that we understand how to use them.

The fastest ways to reach me are through discord, email and this website:
Discord: razorash1000#2770
Email: raxorflash16@yahoo.com

Last remarks: If you've been interested enough in what you've seen on my profile, the projects I've made, etc to read this far than do me this one favor if you would: 
Give me feedback, if I'm am doing things great that works! lmk! If I am doing things inefficiently, let me know! I love getting to learn from my mistakes. It only makes me better. 
